README.md, before:

# 🌎 ClimateVector

**ClimateVector** is a web application made to help people understand Earth’s climate change (also known as global warming).  
It shows how greenhouse gases have increased; mostly because of human activities and the results, like temperature rise, ice melting, and ocean mass changes.

## What It Does
 
- Displays data from when it was first recorded up to now for all factors 
- Uses charts and cards to show data clearly  
- Shows the growth rate of greenhouse gases like CO₂, CH₄, N₂O, and SF₆  
- Tracks ice mass loss in Antarctica and Greenland, and ocean mass changes   
- Lets users select factor (like CO₂ or CH₄) to explore trends  
- Shows air quality of user's location or searched city using coordinates or city name  
- Let the user to choose a theme of their preference with toggle
- Let the users use tooltips to explain potentially unfamiliar words to the user

## Tech Used

- React – building the UI  
- React Router – for routing  
- recharts – for all charts  
- Lucide Icons – for nice-looking icons  
- OpenWeather API – for air quality data  
- ClimateMonitor API – for all climate-related data  

## Data Sources

- [ClimateMonitor API](https://climatemonitor.info/api/public/v1) – for CO₂, CH₄, N₂O, SF₆ levels, temperature anomalies, glacier and ocean mass loss  
- [OpenWeather Air Pollution API](https://openweathermap.org/api/air-pollution) – for air quality by coordinates or city name  

---

This app is still improving, more features and visuals will be added over time.

Commit message:

Add feat show/hide info for factor card.

README.md, after:

# 🌎 ClimateVector

**ClimateVector** is a web application made to help people understand Earth’s climate change (also known as global warming).  
It shows how greenhouse gases have increased; mostly because of human activities and the results, like temperature rise, ice melting, and ocean mass changes.

## What It Does
 
- Displays data from when it was first recorded up to now for all factors 
- Uses charts and cards to show data clearly  
- Shows the growth rate of greenhouse gases like CO₂, CH₄, N₂O, and SF₆  
- Tracks ice mass loss in Antarctica and Greenland, and ocean mass changes   
- Lets users select factor (like CO₂ or CH₄) to explore trends  
- Shows air quality of user's location or searched city using coordinates or city name  
- Let the user to choose a theme of their preference with toggle
- Let the users use tooltips to explain potentially unfamiliar words to the user
- Let the users able to see more details about factors with show/hide button 

## Tech Used

- React – building the UI  
- React Router – for routing  
- recharts – for all charts  
- Lucide Icons – for nice-looking icons  
- OpenWeather API – for air quality data  
- ClimateMonitor API – for all climate-related data  

## Data Sources

- [ClimateMonitor API](https://climatemonitor.info/api/public/v1) – for CO₂, CH₄, N₂O, SF₆ levels, temperature anomalies, glacier and ocean mass loss  
- [OpenWeather Air Pollution API](https://openweathermap.org/api/air-pollution) – for air quality by coordinates or city name  

---

This app is still improving, more features and visuals will be added over time.
